all right here we go on the log flume
that is also a pseudo coaster credit
here in account that's right Derrick
twice good
the launch coming up yep see you guys
there's a here we go let me see them I
was like I got POV of the giant support
Oh No
see ya
I'm not sure what time it is
holy crap we have that to look forward
to
it's kinda like rides like built on top
of everything in here
here we go boy boy
dude is that ferris-wheel fell over on
this right now that would be bad
wouldn't it probably I didn't get not
though probably
all right Ferris wheel don't fall over
on us
the XS right like we go underneath the
ferris wheel here we go it's a credit
it's a lot flow all crapola
okay I'm not bad I'm not bad
Eris vanished tunnel bye-bye vanish
tunnel and there's like really really
tall building in Yokohama actually no
Tollison spanner clogs and yep right
there
tallest building in Japan look I can
even squish my finger squishy squishy
squishy squishy squishy squishy
like we've been on the ride for two
minutes
there's diving coaster vanish it's not
diving right now because it's vanished
put on the ride for three minutes all
right here comes pseudo credit part
oh crap
I always said hope I don't get wet but
this is that the whole point of a water
ride
all right here comes awesomeness that is
the log flume credit with airtime credit
Jeff Johnson would count this 40 times
Oh son of oh you know what oh here we go
yeah Wow to get a little bit of air time
in the bag it did yeah I was amazing
all right we have survived the log flume
airtime credit of hot wonderfulness
goodbye